Exercise 3 (#3)
JoeOsborne22/DevOps-Course-Starter: README.md

## Setup a Trello Account and acquire a new 'Secret'
This app uses Trello's API to fetch and save to-do tasks. In order to call their API, you need to first create an account - https://trello.com/signup
Then generate an API key and token by following the instructions here - https://trello.com/app-key

> ## Testing The app

Reviewer: Minor, but we should also mention that this has a dependency on having Firefox installed (and Geckodriver if you do remove that from the checked in files)

This to do app makes use of pytest for running test cases. Running the tests can be done in a few different ways shown below

while being in the project directory (the test foleder should be visible or you should be within this dir) you can run the below command.

> This will run pytest on all available modaules/scrits

Reviewer: Small typo
```suggestion
This will run pytest on all available modules/scripts
```
